# Smart-Water-Tank-Control-System
Overflow issue is a common problem in installing water tank especially if there’s no overflow control installed. There are factors that might be a cause of overflow issues in a water tank like the incoming water in a water tank is not in ratio with the water being used. the best way in solving overflowing water tank by installing automatic water level controller because this helps in regulating the flow of water in your water tank and it optimizes the performance of the rainwater harvesting system. Automatic water level controller is efficient to use because this device controls the pump motor automatically. When the water level in your water tank is low then it will switch the motor on while if the water level is higher than the fixed level then it will switch the motor off. There are advantages in installing the automatic water level controller in your water tank like it minimizes the usage of the water in your water tank because it maintains the water level that provides you water to use anytime when only it is needed. For enclose water tank, installing this is very convenient because there’s no need for a manual monitoring of the water level in your tank because the device can perform the task automatically which is favorable for a busy homeowner. On top of that, overflow issues in your water tank will be solved since it allows the appropriate level of your water at all times. Smart Water Tank Control System is designed to help people save and manage water without any human intervention and can always keep your Water tank filled for use without any tension. It can happily solve any water overflowing issues.
